update sync function and update style (#944)
couchbaselabs/docs-sync-gateway: modules/server-compatibility/pages/server-compatibility-eventing.adoc

You can also use Eventing to generate vector embeddings from document fields, see xref:couchbase-lite:ROOT/cbl-whatsnew.adoc#vector-search[Vector Search] for more details about Vector Search with Couchbase Lite.

An Eventing function, based on deployment options, can now skip all documents with IDs prefixed with `_sync`.

For Sync Gateway versions that write import XATTRs:

* Eventing now prevents infinite recursion.

* Eventing now prevents duplicate mutations with the opt-in `import_mutation_aware` boolean flag.

> NOTE: If the `import_mutation_aware` flag is set to `true`, the performance of the Eventing function drops because every mutation processed by Eventing requires a Sub-Document operation to maintain a cursor or state for any Function that's sharing a Sync Gateway endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If the `import_mutation_aware` flag is set to `true`, the performance of the Eventing function drops. 
This happens because every mutation processed by Eventing requires a Sub-Document operation to maintain a cursor or state for any function that shares a Sync Gateway endpoint.
```
This is a very long sentence. I would suggest splitting it into two.

+
. On Couchbase Server, xref:server:eventing:eventing-api.adoc#basic_resume[resume the function].

For more information, see xref:server:eventing:eventing-api.adoc[Eventing REST API].

== Using Eventing (Pre-Server 7.6.3)

You can use Eventing and Sync Gateway connected to the same bucket when Eventing operates on server buckets in *read only* mode -- see {server-eventing-terminologies--xref-bindings} for how to do this.

> You should write your Eventing function to be *idempotent* so that it produces the same result when it processes the same mutation more than once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should write your Eventing function to be idempotent so that it produces the same result when it processes the same mutation more than once.
```
If idempotent is not an UI element/name, let's not use bold.

This is necessary because:

* When Sync Gateway makes a single document update directly, such as those replicated from Couchbase Lite, it generates a single server mutation that writes both the document body and the metadata.
+
When an update originates outside of Couchbase mobile, Sync Gateway generates multiple mutations because it must update both the document's body and its `_sync` metadata (XATTRs).

> * _Eventing_ detects these mutations and invokes its `OnUpdate` *for each*; whether it's for the modified body of the document, Sync Gateway metadata, or both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Eventing detects these mutations and invokes its `OnUpdate` handler for each one; whether it's for the modified body of the document, Sync Gateway metadata, or both.
```

> It's here that you need to code the function to apply the same update once only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the point where you need to write the function code to ensure the update is only applied once.
```
